In the last section we added an action creator.
Very simple one for handling a user type in some text to the email field of our logon form.
But we still need to wire that up to the component on email change right here.
The other thing that I mentioned was that you know I'm getting kind of tired of this error message right
here.
If you are using yes lint again.
No not required for this course.
I gave instructions on how to set it up much earlier in the course but it's not a requirement to get
through anything.
This arrow body style air right here just gets a little bit annoying over time.
So in case you're interested in turning off any singular rule here it's actually really straightforward.
I mean to open up my ears Slint config.
And again you do not have to do this if you don't if you're not running Yes Slint if I want to turn
off a single rule here I can add in a rule section to my ears Slint RC and point it to an object and
then side of here to put the name of the rule that I care about.
You can get the name of the rule that you care about by just kind of looking out the air.
So in this case it's aero body style.
So say aero body style.
And I just set that to zero.
Like so make sure that you've got double quotes around everything.
I have double quotes so I can save this.
And then if I run my Linter again you can see if that error message goes away.
So that's how you turn off single errors.
But it's only a single error.
So if I make like a really bad typo Yeah it's still going to catch everything else.
Anyways back on topic we made our action creator.
We just have to wired up to our logon form now.
So again we know how to do that.
We're going to import our connector paper.
We're going to import our action creator and then hook it up to our component with the connect toper.
So at the top let's do our import for Kinect from reactor's redux.
And we will import our action creator which is e-mail changed that's the name of it.
Email changes from the actions folder.
Because again I've said it so many times because this is the index file we can get it just by referring
to the actions directory.
So now down at the bottom we can hook up our action creator with the connect helper.
Say connect and then a separate set of parentheses for the log in form.
We do not have a map state to prop's function yet.
So that will be no for right now.
But then the second argument is going to be the action created that we want to bind to our function
smart component.
So say email changed like so now because we wired up our action creator we now have access to a problem
inside our component called the Stop prop's start email change so we can call this dot product dot email
changed with the text of the user entered.
So remember again this is behaving the exact same way as when we were using our set state called before.
This is kind of where we're at right now.
The green as well let's be really clear on the green is the steps that we're on.
The white is always soft to implement.
So we're now at a point where a user types something that's going to call or event handler and event
handler calls that action creator with the new text the action creator is going to return in action
and that action is sent to all the different reducers inside our application.
So we don't have a reducer yet to really receive this action and do anything with it.
Right now we just have that single dummy reducer that we put together inside of reducers file which
is I guess banana for whatever.
I don't know who thought that banana.
That's just ridiculous.
We want to replace this with a real reducers something to catch that email changed action and actually
do something with it like record it or whatever it should be.
I don't know.
So we're going to want to create a new producer to handle that action.
I'm going to make a new reducers file to handle our producer.
So inside of producers directors will make a new file and I get to call this one off redo surrogate's.
I'm going to call it All three douceur specifically because I want the single producer to handle everything
having to do with authentication side my application.
So it's going to handle the e-mail and the password that can be entered it's going to decide whether
or not there is currently an error with authentication.
It's also going to decide on whether or not we should show a spinner to the user.
So one reduce are responsible for all things authentication.
So now that I've got my producer file before I forget because I always forget it.
I want to make sure that I'm wired up to my combined reducers call.
So inside of my reducers index file I will import Auth. reducer from author user and then I'm going
to place into my combine reducers call.
Remember the key here like the key what I'm type right here is going to be the property of state that
I'm producing.
So I could call this something like authentication you know like full form in practice authentication
is just a really long word.
I know that's a really lame excuse but honestly I really like to solve off very simple very straightforward.
Everybody knows what it's talking about.
So we'll say that the off piece of state is produced by the Auth. reducer.
Cool.
So now that our douceur is wired up we have to actually put the reducer together.
So let's put together our boiler plate for reducer.
Remember how that goes.
We're going to create a function that has two arguments and we're going to export it by default.
So export default and then producer first argument is our state.
The second is our action.
And we've got the body of the reducer.
We always have the exact same format for every reducer we write.
We always have a switch statement which is going to switch over the actions type and depending on the
type the action we'll decide what to do with it.
But we do always have the default case which is the case in which an action came across that we just
don't care about in which case we will default to just returning our state.
Then the last thing to keep in mind is that we can never return undefined from reducer.
So the very first on the producer is called We have to have some initial or default state.
So a common pattern I really like to use is to make a variable that is just very clearly the initial
state for this reducer.
For me it's going to be a object.
And because my reducer is going to record the email that is being typed into that that e-mail field
I'm going to have an email piece of State which by default is going to be a string.
So this is a line right here that should really remind you back to that log in form.
Remember we had to log in form at that piece of state of e-mail that was just an empty string.
That is exactly what this is doing right here.
This is supposed to be the value of the input.
This is what the user is actually typing.
So by default we use that initial state call.
So this is looking pretty good here.
At this point time we now have one piece of state inside our entire application.
When our application first boots up there's going to be state DOT DOT e-mail and that's going be an
empty string.
So wow what a boilerplate.
Right.
A lot of typing just to get these like basic text inputs put together.
I know it gets it gets a lot of typing sometimes but it all pays off in the long run as our application
starts to get more complicated.
Now we still have two more steps here.
This producer has to watch for an action of type email changed and we need to also make sure that we
then pipe that piece of state back into our component our log and form.
So let's tackle those last two steps inside the next section